	Let's see, where to start ... I'm Victor U. Bravo.
I was born in 1990 (aka I'm 20) and raised in an area known as the Rio Grande Valley. In this hot and humid area I was raised
helping with the family business of running a cemetery. (if you ever need a cheap headstone ...) I learned how do all sorts
of things from fixing lawn equipment, to digging and filling a grave. Obviously, my passion isn't running a home for the 
dead, it's video games, and I was introduced to them some time during my kindergarten years with my very own Super Nintendo 
bundled with The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past. From there it was always a part of my life, from helping me bond with 
my sisters to helping me ignore not having a dad for a year. It got harder as I got older and had to fight against my hard 
right parents.
	Being only 20 years old, I don't have much I can say about what I have accomplished; high school being my greatest.
I never had a real job, but that doesn't mean I don't know how to work. During the summers I would very often be off at the
cemetery 8hrs a day, monetarily the most successful I was to the business was when I went door to door in the small town of 
Combes trying to sell lots. (the cheapest around! ;D) I went to college for a year, however either I wasn't ready for it
or my ADD combined with being free for the first time from overprotective parents was too much. The only thing I was able to
learn was that C++ is very similar to java (a language I learned in my 2nd year in The Science Academy of South Texas), or at
least the basics. One thing's for sure, thinking like a programmer translates to any language, even git bash.

That's pretty much it in a nutshell. From this point on I'm just going to talk about my gaming taste, and what I think is
missing in IGN. I don't think it adds anything too substantial to the mini bio, but feel free to keep reading. Think of the 
next parts like fun facts.

	I love Company of Heroes, all strategy games in general but CoH takes the proverbial cake. PC gaming is not the most
popular thing in the world, which is fine. I'm not a legionnaire of any platform. If given the chance though, I would love to
restart the pc podcast. If such a miracle was to occur I would have it be a 'hardcore' podcast. Where I would talk about
things like build orders, getting the most out of a unit. The audience would probably be tiny, as it is a sub sect of the 
gaming pantheon. However, as gamereplays.org proves, despite being small, the group are extremely passionate. I believe
audience participation would be high but would probably grow very slowly. I think the ign pro league is a step in the right
direction, but that doesn't mean more cannot be done.
	Another fun fact; a friend of mine thinks if I ever meet someone named Alpha, it was meant to be. So if you're name
happens to be Alpha, call me :D