	As a character in a comic by Tim Buckley once said, "If you were to cut me, I would bleed pixels."

	Working at IGN would be, as I'm sure you've heard many times, a dream come true. Working there wouldn't be filling 
graves, parking cars, or putting on a fake smile as you go door to door; it would be a chance to work with an integral 
part of gaming culture. Among the Air Jordan ads and buffoons who think all you do is spread the company line of whoever
gives you a check, are what's most important to the industry, the enthusiast, the industry pulse reader, the dork in the
basement with a friend, the gamer. IGN never was just a site, it's a beacon. It's the unifying light for gamers across the 
country, hell even across different parts of the world. It's the gamer and his friends in San Francisco communicating
with a lone gamer in Minnesota, it's a gamer in London and Texas arguing what the fuck Braid really meant. IGN, almost single
handedly, is the hub for gamers across vast distances to celebrate gaming and all its beauty. Whether it's getting excited 
about Irrational pushing the envelope of what a game can be, or organizing relief efforts for countries less fortunate,
or even letting the young gamer know that he isn't the alone, gamers are kind and very passionate and IGN is the tree on the
hill everyone goes to. Almost everything IGN does further enriches the life of someone, somewhere. Now I've been watching a
lot of Tank Overhaul, maybe a bit too much, so bear with me on this analogy. I would be elated if I was simply able to keep
suspension greased and the engine running, because working on a tank (much like IGN) I would be working on something much 
larger than me, and even the tank itself. Keeping the tank named IGN in top condition not only would keep the editorial
crew safe and able to do what they do best, I will also enable it's following infantry to stay relatively safe. I would also
allow the tank commander to make extraordinary decisions like helping allied infantry hit by typhoon missiles, or give fuel 
to the Child's Play Hospital so they can keep the generators running. Being able to make a difference in the lives of my
fellow man (or woman, I'm all about equality) would, very much indeed, be a dream come true.
	On a more personal and selfish level, I would love to have a shot at getting Charles to say penis, listen to music 
with Daemon, talk anime with Clements, talk tech and science with Scott Lowe, play Smash Bros. with Audrey (no items! xp), 
and worship at the feet of Peer. Plus the homeless San Francisco and bay area would actually be a trade up from my Texas 
border town, with kidnapping being commonplace. Hell, even it's just to get you guys water when you need it, I would love to
sit in on some of the podcasts.