	Well first it depends what you mean by overlapping.
If it means that the pennies are not touching each other, except on the rim of the penny. Then (if I also had an 
infinite amount of jello) the question becomes if vertically spaced the amount of a molecule of jello, how many can 
fit in the volume of the rectangular prism created by jello with the depth and with of the Golden Gate Bridge's 
road surface and side walk, with the height of prism being the height that jello turns into liquid due to atmospheric 
pressure being lost as height increases.
	Something a bit more practical? (as if being the only person left in the world with an obscene amount of pennies,
and a mandate by god claiming that if I can place an ass-ton of pennies on the Golden Gate Bridge the world will return
normal and I will activate the second coming, is practical)
Assuming there was no vehicles on the road, finding out how many pennies would fit on The Bridge would be a simple
surface area problem. Find the surface area of the Golden Gate Bridge, divide that value by the surface are of a penny,
and presto, a number that is probably very large. In the real world the only problem would be the pennies that would fall
off as a victim to gravity. Nothing a coating of grease won't fix. Axel grease coated pennies would easily stick to any
surface of the Golden Gate(I wonder if such a coating would help fight corrosion?). Furthermore, coverage would also be 
lost in corners and gaps the pennies themselves create, because they are not squares and don't fit in perfectly with 
each other. The solution to that problem would be to make a penny paste of ground up pennies mixed with the grease, use 
the paste to fill in any gaps missed by the whole pennies.
	Finally, if you wanted a very plain and very boring answer, I would measure the road surface of the bridge 'bsa', 
then divide that surface area with the surface area of a square with the sides 's' of the diameter of a penny (because 
side by that's the amount of space a penny would take). Leaving me with the equation (bsa)/(s*s)=n , where 'n' is the
number of pennies that would fit on the Golden Gate Bridge.
	In summery the answer to the question, using all three methods would be ... a lot.